It was great to see your presentations last week.  I've heard from a few groups about wanting more time to complete the analysis and, therefore, more time for the final report and executive summary for the Social Impact Project.  While I do not want the work to extend into Spring Break, I want successful projects.  To support this, I am moving the deadline slightly--I will accept final reports and executive summaries until Monday, March 14th at 10AM.  NYU Classes will be updated on Monday to reflect this new time.
 
Remember that in addition to the group report, each student is responsible for completing and submitting an executive summary.  In case you are unfamiliar with this type of document, we have created a guide with reference to examples.  Please find it attached.
 
I urge everyone to review the Social Impact Project document for assignment requirements and submission directions.  We have not strictly enforced late or incomplete submissions thus far.  Let this serve as a reminder that submission directions and deadlines are part of completing an assignment.
 
See you tomorrow.
 
Best,
Logan

Group 2
Strengths:  Timely issue; comprehensive understanding and presentation of topic background; nice field research; elicited good questions from the class.
 
Key Issues/Concerns:  The key problem or question the project addresses was buried—state it clearly and upfront/reinforce it with a visual/text.  Slides 22 and 23 present good questions but they aren’t questions operational analytics can solve.  From our conversations and your presentation, I think you want to use current routes to identify other areas in the city that might benefit from the routes.  For example, a the problem statement/key question could be, “where else in the city—at a block level, CT level, etc.—would there be demand for dollar van services?” OR “Identify areas in the city that may have unmet needs for transportation services that could be addressed by dollar vans.”  Your methodology is high level, which is fine.  A diagram could help present more information and details.
 
In Slide 7, you say “a lot …”, quantify to give a sense of scale.
 
Estimated Grade: 10